!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
!@*** FATAL EXCEPTION IN SYSTEM PROCESS: main
java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to invoke virtual method 'boolean com.android.server.wm.WindowManagerService.detectSafeMode()' on a null object reference
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.startOtherServices(SystemServer.java:2199)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.run(SystemServer.java:905)
	at com.android.server.SystemServer.main(SystemServer.java:731)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Native Method)
	at com.android.internal.os.RuntimeInit$MethodAndArgsCaller.run(RuntimeInit.java:496)
	at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.main(ZygoteInit.java:1078)
